Phpstan issue fixes (#848)
brainstormforce/header-footer-elementor: readme.txt

== Changelog ==

### 1.6.37.1 ###

> - Improvement: - Added support for PHPStan for improved code quality checks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improvement: - Improved code quality syntax and secutiry checks for better coding standerds and practices.
```
@akshayurankar48 / @sushmak02 You can surely modify the changelog if required.

Author: Done @sarangshahane
